Other definitions:
Couldn't find any
1. Autofuel is a robotic refueling system - The automated link between car and energy
2. Fuelmatics 500 is the fifth generation of truly automated refueling units
3. The ATV was an uncrewed platform that operated with a high level of automation, such as its docking sequence

My own:
A human deployed refueling system, which, given a identifing tags for rockets to interact with, can operate with a high level of autonomy.


To define an autonomous refueling system, for rockets traveling interplanetary, I have tried to look up three other definitions for automatic systems related to refueling and
space stations. None of the "definitions" are actually any good definitions for automatic systems, as they aren't meant for it, but this was the best I could find.
The first definition is for the Danish robot refueling station addon and the definition is "Autofuel is a robotic refueling system - The automated link between car and energy".
The second is for an automatic refueling station created by Swedish company Fuelmatics. "Fuelmatics 500 is the fifth generation of truly automated refueling units". The finale
definition is for the European Space Agency's Automated Transfer Vehicle. "The ATV was an uncrewed platform that operated with a high level of automation, such as its docking
sequence". Now, none of these definitions are good for their systems, since none of them mention anything about what is automated and what is human controlled. For the most part
these are all sales slogans, except the ESA ATV since it is merely a short description from a wiki. However, they do mention they are autonomous and some of their functions.
Both fueling stations mention refueling, and the ATV mentions docking. For my system, automatic refueling space station, I have tried to use the nice parts of these three definitions
while being clearer about its functions and challenges. Now my definition is "A human deployed refueling system, which, given identifying tags for rockets to interact with, can
operate with a high level of autonomy". This definition points out the system was deployed by humans, given some info, and refuels rockets on its own.